Help me, I'm afraid of Ruoxue
Don't worry.
You'll be fine, but grandpa they all passed out
He'll be fine, don't worry.
They just got the famous drug
Just get some sleep. You're right
They are ok
But you're going to die.
Let him go, I'll hurt your comrades, don't worry
We're just looking for money
If we kill you, we get 500 million dollars
Okay, as long as you let him go
I cut myself off
Hahahaha good
Really serious
It's actually the demon sword of the Foreign Demon Emperor
You know the goods.
I count to three or you die
Or he dies
3 Chen Xiaotong
Ah hahaha Chen Xiaotong
Chen Xiaotong
know
Who in the world would die for me?
I am lucky to marry such a man
Knife, are you okay?
I don't know, knife.
Your eyes.